## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/superfood100/superfood100.github.io/edit/master/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

#markdown
```markdown
Code Review
https://youtu.be/odNvJZNkuOU
Self Assessment
	Throughout my time at SNHU I learned a lot about computer science and many of the related topics. Before coming back to school to finish my degree I questioned if I need it or if I should try to learn on my own but ultimately decided it would be best to put in the time and work through school and a structed plan. I am very glad I did because As I complete this final class I feel much more confident in my abilities and knowledge and know I will be a better employee because of it. Even before this final class I was concerned that I had forgotten everything or not learned enough and I became worried about my abilities but building a program from scratch that actually does something useful and is much more complex showed me that I have the knowledge and abilities to build working professional software. I could have learned most of the coding languages on my own but the ideology behind it and the process of communicating deadlines and expectations would not have been there like they were for me. I was able to work in group environments and see how it is practiced in real world businesses, as well as learn a mentality of security and debugging that I don’t think I would have gained otherwise. Finishing my capstone project and gaining my Bachelors in computer science not only feels good but has helped me to gain the knowledge and abilities I need to be successful in my future career.
	The capstone Project I worked on is a program using a database of makeup to create a look for a user. I built this for my wife to use because she enjoys working with her makeup and has a fairly large collection. With this project I not only got to work with her to give her what she would like in a program but I was able to start from the ground and build something I knew was going to work well. The program needed extensive logic to manage a lot of different scenarios that could arise such as not returning makeup and needing to still find a way to make the look work. There is also a lot of logic to manage the color theory so that the look actually is something someone would wear and works well. I knew I needed to structure this program so it was easy to follow to help showcase my abilities easier to others who want to look through. As well as I needed to begin to start my habits of proper syntax and uniform coding. Lastly Working with the database, I implemented almost all of the CRUD functionality allowing the user to add, remove, and read data. This program shows my abilities to create a working efficient piece of software that accomplishes a specific task while maintaining a professional design. To help keep my program secure and working as intended I made sure that anytime I was asking for input I checked it through a while loop so that they could only enter something that I expected. I also made sure that anytime I connected to the database that upon completing the task the connection was disconnected this way there was no unwanted access to the data and possibly the server. Lastly I made sure there were no un used variables or statements to keep anyone from possibly gaining access to them and causing the program not to function properly. I also tested out the program and tried to input incorrect variables or ran through it multiple times to make sure nothing happened unexpectedly. I learned a lot by completing this program and feel much more confident in my abilities because of the depth and complexity of the project. This is why I chose to create this program because I knew it would be a good showcase of my overall abilities



### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/superfood100/superfood100.github.io/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
